- [Instructor] One of the features of the CLI
is that it will authenticate automatically
for you once you configure it.
We're going to go through a quick tutorial
on how to do just that.
Now the first step that you will need
is to get your programmatic access keys.
You may remember that we created some for our test user.
But we will need to get credentials for our user
so that we can configure the access.
Keep in mind that you can always override
these when you execute the command.
Now in the AWS Console, go to the name at the top right.
And select Security Credentials.
From within here, select Access Keys.
Now you may have some listed, and if you have 'em, great.
Otherwise, click Create New Access Key.
Now here you've got some options.
You definitely would want to download your key file.
It's always good to keep those saved somewhere.
For right now, I'm just going to click the Show Access Key.
And you'll see that we have an Access Key
and a Secret Access Key.
I'm going to copy the value for the Access Key ID.
And I'm going to jump over to my terminal.
I'm going to typ awsconfigure.
And it's going to walk me through a set-by-step process.
The first thing is that it's going to ask
for that Access Key ID.
And we just copied that, so I'll go ahead
and paste that in, and hit enter.
Now it wants the Secret Access Key.
So return back to the console, copy that value.
You may need to select it all manually
as opposed to double clicking.
Because it often has special characters.
Jump back to our terminal and enter that value.
Now I've already defined a region name.
So you'll see it's presented as us-east-1.
I'll go ahead and accept that.
I've also provided an output format of jsom.
Can also choose yaml if you prefer.
I'm going to leave it as jsom.
And that's it, AWS should now be configured.
Want to go ahead and test this.
So I'm going to execute command aws ec2 describe-regions.
Since I'm getting data back it would indicate
that I've configured my AWS Console correctly.
That's all we need to do before we move onto the next video.